Conclusion (#77)
chhoumann/p5: sections/conclusion.tex

\chapter{Conclusion}\label{ch:conclusion}

> The code that we overtook from last year for the search engine was incomplete and did not work.

Reviewer: Should probably clarify the 'did not work' part. WordCount seemed to work OK, but we deemed it to be incomplete in terms of API endpoints, database structure, and code? Or am I mistaken?

> We therefore implemented the database from scratch using C\# and the Entity Framework Core.

Reviewer: We didn't implement a database. We set up a Postgres database with redesigned schemas and implemented an API to inferface with it.

Our first attempt at this went well as is fulfilled the requirements provided by the Product Owner. 
This was verified through an end to end test where all layers participated.
However, despite this, the design had a major flaw in terms of excessive memory consumption. 
Fortunately, near the end of the project, we were able to allocate time to a redesign which addressed this problem.
We were unable to create a BCNF design on time though, and we therefore believe that the database group next year should prioritize this.

The solution from last year used to store RDF data was deemed problematic.
It required periodic restarts in order to move the data from in memory into persistent disk storage.
Therefore, a large effort was made into building a new system for handling the \knox{} RDF data storage needs. 
Here, Virtuoso was deemed as an appropriate framework since it lived up to the requirements provided from the other layers. 

> Both databases were tested using Postman to ensure that the endpoints work as intended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both database APIs were tested using Postman to ensure that the endpoints work as intended.
```
